# June 20, 2023

## Duration

3:35 pm to 4:36 pm

## Agenda

- Presentation of current progress
- Gathering of feedback, requirements, and additional information

## Attendees

### Management Support Division: ICT Unit

- Mr. Aldrich F. Nasayao
- Mr. Jvergel T. Mandane

### Local Health Support Division

- Mr. Jaime Villanueva
- Ms. Pamela Santelices

## Notes

The meeting began at 3:35 pm. Mr. Mandane acted as secretary for the
meeting.

Mr. Nasayao began by presenting the certification process to the two
attendees from the LHSD, Sir Jaime and Ma'am Pam, who are both members of
the Secretariat.

Mr. Villanueva raised a concern about how private facilities, which are
not in the National Health Facility Register, will be added into the
system. It was agreed upon that Mr. Villanueva will procure a list of the
private facilities, of which he claims there are only about seven, which
will then be sent to the ICT Unit via email.

It was pointed out that the suffix "CESE" should be added to Dr. Rosa
Rempillo's name.

It was mentioned that reply letters, which would be sent and delivered by
the requesting facility to the CHD __in print,__ must first be received by
the Records Section, routed via DTRAK, and signed by the appropriate
signatories, after which it will be sent to the Secretariat.

Mr. Villanueva pointed out that registry numbers are assigned _per
facility,_ not per certificate. Registry numbers are generated and released
by the DOH Central Office. Changes will be made to the Certification System
allowing the Secretariat to specify the registry number for the facility.

## Signatories

These minutes are not considered official documentation by the Bicol Center
for Health Development; if they were, the following would appear as
signatories:

- Prepared by: Jvergel T. Mandane
- Noted by: John Jemar M. Estrada
- Approved by: Dr. Jannish Alcala-Arellano
