# June 27, 2023

## Duration

1:34 pm to (TBD)

## Agenda

- Presentation of the Health Facility Online Certification System
- Presentation of the Pag-ataman Registry System
- Gathering of feedback from the Development Team

## Attendees

### Management Support Division: ICT Unit

- Mr. John Jemar Estrada
- Mr. Ronilo Apin
- Mr. Bryan Belardo
- Mr. Charles Marnie Limpo
- Mr. Aldrich Nasayao
- Mr. Jvergel Mandane

## Notes

The meeting began at 1:34 pm. Mr. Mandane acted as secretary for the
meeting.

Mr. Nasayao presented the process for the Health Facility Online
Certification System.

Mr. Apin suggested that the Designation field, which appears when
confirming account requests, be made into a dropdown field containing a
list of designations which 

Mr. Estrada suggested that a data dictionary be made, which can be referred
to anytime. Mr. Apin showed an example data dictionary to the rest of the
attendees.

Mr. Estrada, Mr. Apin, Mr. Belardo, and Mr. Limpo offered feedback and
suggestions while Mr. Nasayao was presenting. These were noted in a
separate document by Mr. Mandane.

After Mr. Nasayao's presentation, which focused on the TB-DOTS program, Mr.
Mandane presented the use case for the ABTC program. Most of the feedback
given to Mr. Nasayao also applied to Mr. Mandane, since the two programs
both had Ms. Aida Ruby Jeremias as Certifier.

After Mr. Mandane's presentation, Mr. Belardo next presented the Pag-ataman
Registry System.

After Mr. Belardo's presentation, Mr. Limpo presented the Inventory System.

The meeting was adjourned at 4:06 pm.

## Signatories

These minutes are not considered official documentation by the Bicol Center
for Health Development; if they were, the following would appear as
signatories:

- Prepared by: Jvergel T. Mandane
- Approved by: John Jemar M. Estrada
