# May 8, 2023

## Duration

3:32 pm to 4:34 pm

## Agenda

- Presentation of current progress
- Request for feedback and additional information
- Request for stakeholders' contact information
- Miscellaneous

## Attendees

### MSD ICT Unit

- Mr. Jvergel T. Mandane
- Mr. Aldrich F. Nasayao

### LHSD

- Dr. Jannish Alcala-Arellano
- Ms. Lilian Rose Encisa
- Ms. Ma. June Robles
- Ms. Christine Espiritu
- Ms. Pamela Santelices

## Notes

The meeting began at 3:32 pm with Mr. Nasayao presenting the progress of
the Online Certification System thus far. Mr. Mandane acted as secretary
for the meeting.

Ms. Espiritu suggested they be able to test the system, given that they are
the users.

During the meeting, the five attendees provided their email addresses.

The five attendees provided clarification as to whose authority the reply
letters for LOIs should be addressed to:

- RHU: Mayor (attn MHO or CHO)
- District Hospitals: Governor
- Private Hospitals: Medical Director

Ms. Encisa insisted that "lahat pantay," meaning that the roles of the
Secretariat and the Certifiers need to be equal. She mentioned that there
needs to be two Secretariat accounts: one for Sir Jaime and one for Ma'am
Pam.

Ms. Robles brought up the concern of how the system will be used by them,
the assessors, during a facility visit. Mr. Nasayao and Mr. Mandane showed
her the certifications page as a response.

Templates for the ABTC and TB-DOTS certificates, which are currently in the
possession of the project team, were shown to the attendees as part of an
explanation on how certificates will be generated.

The following certificates were mentioned for MBFHFI:
- Certificate of Commitment (as in commitment to comply)
- Certificate of Accreditation (after compliance)

Ms. Robles insisted that they be able to check first how the forms are
implemented within the system.

The meeting was adjourned at 4:34 pm.

## Signatories

- Prepared by: Jvergel T. Mandane
- Noted by: John Jemar M. Estrada
- Approved by: Dr. Jannish Alcala-Arellano
